# CS-250
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
In this course we learned a few techniques for interpreting user needs and implementing them. One way is by using focus groups in which a member of the Agile team talks with a group of users and determines their needs by asking questions. The answers and information obtained from the users is then used to create user stories which guides the development team in creating the product. The user stories can also be assigned different values based on their complexity, difficuly, and importance, this called story points. Using story points helps the development team know how much time to devote to a specific story, and if they need  to make any adjustments.
How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
This course has taught me that it is important to approach developing programs with some sort of agile method such as Scrum. This entails working with a team to address different aspects of the project, breaking the work down into smaller chunks and assigning them to the team accordingly, and leaving room in the plan to accomodate future changes or requirements that may be encountered. Using story points to help guage how much time and work will be required is a procces i would incorporate. I would also incorporate daily meetings to discuss progress and obstacles the team may face as well as sprint reviews to assess how the sprints go and what the team could do better.
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
To me, being a good team member in software development means being helpful, respectful, and available among other things. Being helpful means happily helping out my team mebers when they need it and i am capable of helping. Being resspectful means listening to everyone's ideas and giving everyone a chance to provide input to the project. It also means being courteous and giving honest, constructive, and polite criticism. Being available means showing up on time to work and putting forth my best effor on a project. It also means if I run into an obstacle i ask a more senior team member or Scrum Master how to resolve it.
